Frontend logging: Remove Sentry javascript agent support (#67493)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/setup-grafana/configure-grafana/_index.md

### enabled

Faro javascript agent is initialized. Default is `false`.

### custom_endpoint

> Custom HTTP endpoint to send events captured by the Faro agent to. Default, `/log-grafana-javascript-agent`, will log the events to stdout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Custom HTTP endpoint to which events captured by the Faro agent are sent. Default, `/log-grafana-javascript-agent`, will log the events to stdout.
```
